you are watching the Carlisle's pick
technology channel this is my extreme
iPad air to review this particular test
or video or episode is my extreme
battery test we got about 6 hours
battery life testing it with just the
screen on and Wi-Fi running now this
test I want to really push this thing
hard so what I'm gonna do is I am going
to leave it running playing a YouTube
video playlists non-stop with the screen
on full brightness with the volume on
fully Wi-Fi is on bluetooth is on and
again full brightness I know that this
thing run and run and run and see how
long it lasts now these tests are so
expensive because we found that it takes
about 3 to 4 hours to get a full charge
on the battery and I'll be looking into
that as well the last time I charged it
the first hour I actually had it on I
want to do a charging with it off the
entire time and see if I can get to that
3 hours that people are saying that this
thing takes to charge up
but regardless every test I do is gonna
take me 3 to 4 hours at least to charge
it up to do another test
anyway this test so I'm gonna show you
how it's gonna it's gonna work I've
charged the iPad it's fully charged and
there's nothing else running but YouTube
that's it just YouTube run it nothing
goes in the background
typically with these kinds of devices
anything that's running in terms of you
know waiting is running takes up memory
and memory uses power so even if you
have things in a background that are
interactive doing anything let's say
like a word document you say really it's
just a word document it's not doing
anything
it can actually be burning more power so
I've turned off all the other apps now
why are we doing this because it's an
extreme test playing video non-stop with
this beautiful brightness that's extreme
enough and we need to have you know kind
of a baseline you know so you guys can
also duplicate these test results as
well so I can't have one two random
things running in the background I'm
making a very specific playing YouTube
videos
non-stop Bluetooth and Wi-Fi on okay all
right so with no further ado I'm gonna
go ahead and pull up the YouTube here
and basically what I'm gonna do is I'm
gonna hit play on this and pretty much
that was weird and I stood a little did
delay to update the video pretty much as
soon as it starts playing I'm gonna
unplug it and start the timer so you're
gonna one this is just the introduction
to the testing you want a test results
definite to this channel I have not
finished testing it yet I'm gonna upload
this video right now do you want to test
results go ahead and subscribe to Carl's
big technology channel for reviews and
tests like this on tablets laptops
headphones you know a lot of really cool
gadgets right here in the Kalos fix
technology Channel and all I taught pix
will go to my main channel Carlisle's
picks and this playlist by the way is
from my car channel your fast life all
right - yeah
here he goes go ahead and start this
test